Updated the product name variables (#18312)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/create-your-cluster.md

1. Select the number of nodes:
    - For single-region application development and testing, you may create a 1 node cluster.

>     - For single-region production deployments, we recommend a minimum of 3 nodes. The number of nodes also relates to your storage capacity and performance requirements. See the [example](plan-your-cluster.html?filters=dedicated#dedicated-example) on [Plan a CockroachDB Cloud cluster](plan-your-cluster.html?filters=dedicated) for further guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For single-region production deployments, Cockroach Labs recommends a minimum of 3 nodes. The number of nodes also relates to your storage capacity and performance requirements. Refer to the [example](plan-your-cluster.html?filters=dedicated#dedicated-example) on [Plan a CockroachDB Cloud cluster](plan-your-cluster.html?filters=dedicated) for further guidance.
```
